Name claim from ADFS (#65774)
Azure/azure-content: articles/active-directory-b2c/identity-provider-adfs2016-custom.md

            <OutputClaim ClaimTypeReferenceId="givenName" PartnerClaimType="given_name"/>
            <OutputClaim ClaimTypeReferenceId="surname" PartnerClaimType="family_name"/>
            <OutputClaim ClaimTypeReferenceId="email" PartnerClaimType="email"/>

>             <OutputClaim ClaimTypeReferenceId="displayName" PartnerClaimType="http://schemas.xmlsoap.org/ws/2005/05/identity/claims/name"/>

Reviewer: Looks good

    | E-Mail-Address | email |
    | Display-Name | name |

>     Note that these names will not display in the outgoing claim type dropdown. You need to manually type them in. (The dropdown is actually editable). The exception here is Name. It will take the existing one and that will issue the claim with Name Space. Still, that is already covered by the Output claim on the policy. 

Reviewer: I'd change the first sentence to *that **some of** these names will not display in...*

Could you clarity the second sentence: The exception here is Name. It will take the existing one and that will issue the claim with Name Space. Still, that is already covered by the Output claim on the policy.

Author: Yes, I'm trying to explain that the Name claim will fall back to the default one.  I mean that despite the fact that you type "name" it will fall back to the existing "Name" one. Or  not sure if we just say that for "name" just select the one from the drop down menu. That's easier and more direct

>     Note that these names will not display in the outgoing claim type dropdown. You need to manually type them in. (The dropdown is actually editable). The exception here is Name. It will take the existing one and that will issue the claim with Name Space. Still, that is already covered by the Output claim on the policy. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Note that, with the exception **name**, these names will not display in the Outgoing Claim Type drop-down menu. You need to manually type them in (the drop-down menu line is editable). For **name**, select the name value that appears in the drop-down menu. 
```
